freshbooks is the number one cloud
accounting software custom-built for the
way that you want to work for your free
unrestricted 30-day trial go to
FreshBooks com forward slash lioness CES
and enter Linus tech tips in the how did
you hear about us section
we're here at keikar keikar is the
world's first multimedia robot for your
home you can control him with native
voice commands that are processed
locally or extend his capabilities with
Google home or Alexa does any of that
make sense it didn't to me at first so I
had to seek Iker with my own eyes
to understand keikar let's break it down
into parts for audio you've got 4 10
watt speakers and a 50 watt subwoofer
that's more than most TVs come with by
default so your audio listening
experience for music or movies should
actually be pretty good now for video
there's a projector on sort of the front
at 720p and it can rotate up to 90
degrees vertical so you can watch movies
directly on the wall in front of it or
you can tilt it all the way up
vertically onto the ceiling or anywhere
in between then on the top it has a
360-degree camera which you can use to
interface with your kids or freak the
ever living crap out of your pets or use
as a security device or whatever else
you could think of with a mobile
360-degree camera and yes I did mean
mobile keikar can move it has wheels on
the bottom and while yeah it's gonna
kind of suck at stairs it would be able
to move around one floor of your house
quite effectively and it will map out
that floor of your house moving to its
charging dock when it needs to and
coming to you when you need it to so you
just made a sandwich and you go into the
living room and you want to watch a show
for some reason kickers in the bedroom
you're like hey keikar go to the living
room play Netflix stranger things it'll
come to the real living room it'll play
Netflix for you on the wall because why
not so if you're not currently watching
Netflix which I know it sounds crazy but
it is a possibility and you're not
trying to harass your pet with this
crazy robot that rolls around the ground
and can you make light come from it you
can do other things as well it has
humidity and temperature detection and
it also has movement detection and light
detection so you can use it as a
security device when you're away from
the home but if you don't need your
mobile temperature detecting humidity
detecting intruder detecting light
detecting robot to do anything other
than just play different types of video
in different rooms in your house well it
has Android TV built-in as well so you
can install whatever apps on it you want
with keikar extending from Google home
and Alexa much in the same way that
something like Philips hue would you can
send commands to it through those
devices so like with Philips hue if you
were like hey turn the lights down you
could also do something like hey keikar
what's the sponsor spot and keep you
would be like oh yeah hey it's
FreshBooks although i I don't I don't
think that functionality is in that
right now it might be in there later but
with freshbooks you can do tons of stuff
you can create invoices in 30 seconds or
less which is awesome you can view if
someone who's actually seen your invoice
or not so they're not paying the invoice
you can ask them why and make sure that
they've actually seen the invoice maybe
if they didn't see it you can resend it
or something like that
and you can even set up online payments
so if they aren't able to pay you in
person or if this is an online job or if
it's really just easier for them to do
it online because maybe they're paying
later when you're not there you'd be
able to handle all of that through fresh
books so you can focus on being
productive and actually growing your
business instead of wasting time on a
whole bunch of unnecessary paperwork if
you want to try it out try out your free
trial at fresh books comm forward slash
line of CES and answer - tech tips in
how did you hear about a section for
your free unrestricted 30-day trial
hey hey keikar what's left in this video
oh yeah if you liked it like it you just
like it dislike it get subscribed if you
want to see all the rest of our CES
content I don't think there's any other
multimedia home mobile robot projector
security systems left at CES but uh yeah
we'll make some cool videos I'm watching
I'll see you later